Add Tip note for MDO P2 customers... (#7914)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/search-for-and-delete-messages-in-your-organization.md

**This article is for administrators. Are you trying to find items in your mailbox that you want to delete? See [Find a message or item with Instant Search](https://support.office.com/article/69748862-5976-47b9-98e8-ed179f1b9e4d)**.

> [!TIP]

> > If your organization has an active Defender for Office 365 Plan 2 subscription, there is a simpler and superior process available for you to use instead of the procured here in this article:  [Remediate malicious email delivered in Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/remediate-malicious-email-delivered-office-365?view=o365-worldwide)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your organization has an active Defender for Office 365 Plan 2 subscription, we recommend using the procedure detailed in [Remediate malicious email delivered in Office 365](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/remediate-malicious-email-delivered-office-365), rather than following the procedure described in this article.
```
